refactor (#326)
KxSystems/docs: docs/basics/ipc.md

```

The method shown above is sending the query as a string.
You can also execute a function on the server by passing a list with the function as first item, followed by its arguments.

```q
q)h:hopen 5000
q)h("+";2;2)
4
```

!!! tip "Default handling of a sync message"
    [`.z.pg`](../ref/dotz.md#zpg-get) is called on the server when any message is received. 
    The default processing is to call [`value`](../ref/value.md) with the provided message. Using the

>     documentation for `value`, the processing for the two messages above can be shown as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The default processing calls [`value`](../ref/value.md) with the provided message. Using `value`, the processing for the two messages above would be:
```

q)neg[h]"a:10" / on the remote instance, sets the variable a to 10
```

> As per [sync messages](#sync-request-get), you can replace the string repesenting the code to execute as a list. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to [sync messages](#sync-request-get), you can replace the string representing the code to execute as a list. 
```
